DOCS-2846: update american express cartes bancaires dankort maestro mastercard visa testing details (#1828)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/integrations/testing/test-payment-details.md

## Credit and debit cards

{{< details title="Cartes Bancaires / Dankort / V Pay" >}}

> The following cards can be tested using the Visa test instructions. For some cards to be visible on the payment page, the `locale` parameter in the redirect API request must be set to a specific locale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test the following cards using the Visa test instructions. 

To display these cards on MultiSafepay payment pages, you must set the `locale` parameter in the redirect API request to a specific locale.
```

| Card             | `locale` |
|------------------|----------|
| Cartes Bancaires | `fr_FR`  |
| Dankort          | `da_DK`  |
| V Pay            | `it_IT`  |

{{< /details >}}

{{< details title="Visa" >}}

Test credentials: [API key](/account/site-id-api-key-secure-code/)

**Test a VISA order**  

1. Send a [redirect](/api/#visa) API request.
2. On the payment page:
    - In the **Card number** field, enter `4111111111111111`.
    - In the **Card holder** field, enter any name.
    - From the **Expiry date** lists, select any future date.
    - In the **CVC/CVV** field, enter `123`.
    - Click **Confirm**.

> 3. On the 3D payment page, from the drop-down list, select **Authenticated (Y)**, and then click **Confirm**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the 3D payment page:  
    - From the drop-down list, select **Authenticated (Y)**.
    - Click **Confirm**.  
```

  The payment is processed in the test environment as **Successful**, with order status **Completed**, and transaction status **Completed**.

Use the following card numbers to test different transaction statuses.

| Card number         | Status    | Description              |
| ------------------- | --------- | ------------------------ |
| 4111111111111111 | **Completed** | Transaction was completed (3D enrolled) |
| 4012001038443335 | **Completed** | Transaction was completed (not 3D enrolled) |

> | 4917300000000008 | **Uncleared** | Transaction is uncleared. After 3 minutes, this changes to Void. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4917300000000008 | **Uncleared** | Transaction is uncleared. After 3 minutes, this changes to **Void**. |
```

| 4462000000000003 | **Uncleared** | Transaction is uncleared. After 3 minutes, this changes to **Completed**. |
| 4012001037461114 | **Declined**  | Transaction was declined (3D authentication failed) |
| 4012001038488884 | **Declined**  | Transaction was declined (3D authentication was successful, but insufficient funds) |

---

**Note:** 
- You can see the reason a transaction was declined in your MultiSafepay test account under **Notes**.
- You can't test cancelling orders. 

{{< /details >}}

{{< details title="Maestro" >}}

Test credentials: [API key](/account/site-id-api-key-secure-code/)

Testing Maestro is similar to Visa. For extensive testing, see [Visa](#details-visa). 

**Test a Maestro order**  

1. Send a [redirect](/api/#maestro) API request.
2. On the payment page:
    - In the **Card number** field, enter `6759000000005`.
    - In the **Card holder** field, enter any name.
    - From the **Expiry date** lists, select any future date.
    - In the **CVC/CVV** field, enter `123`.
    - Click **Confirm**.

> 3. On the 3D payment page, from the drop-down list, select **Authenticated (Y)**, and then click **Confirm**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the 3D payment page:  
    - From the drop-down list, select **Authenticated (Y)**.
    - Click **Confirm**.  
```

    - From the **Expiry date** lists, select any future date.
    - In the **CVC/CVV** field, enter `123`.
    - Click **Confirm**. 
  The payment is processed in the test environment as **Successful**, with order status **Completed**, and transaction status **Completed**.

{{< /details >}}

{{< details title="American Express" >}}

Test credentials: [API key](/account/site-id-api-key-secure-code/)

**Test an American Express order**  

1. Send a [redirect](/api/#american-express) API request.
2. On the payment page:
    - In the **Card number** field, enter `378282246310005`.
    - In the **Card holder** field, enter any name.
    - From the **Expiry date** lists, select any future date.
    - In the **CVC/CVV** field, enter `123`.
    - Click **Confirm**.
  The payment is processed in the test environment as **Successful**, with order status **Completed**, and transaction status **Completed**.

Use the following card numbers to test different transaction statuses.

| Card number| Status    | Description              |
| ---------| --------- | ------------------------ |
| 374200000000004| **Declined**  | Transaction was declined |

> | 378734493671000| **Uncleared** | Transaction is uncleared. After 3 minutes, this changes to Void. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 378734493671000| **Uncleared** | Transaction is uncleared. After 3 minutes, this changes to **Void**. |
```
